[Music]
these no no banana great
[Applause]
[Music]
two weeks in Europe is gonna be great
I'm just gonna enjoy my trip I know with
MJ you like really pretty therefore I
have value no no that's not what I meant
unless it with you that's really nice so
nice to finally meet you
spider-man here Nick Fury put some
clothes on let's go for a ride
Nick Fury just hijacked our summer
vacation
awesome
get gifts Parker but we have a job to do
are you going to step up or not
we're all alone friends are in trouble
what are you gonna do about it
you don't want any part of this
who is that guy he's like Iron Man and
Thor rolled into one
he's no spider-man what is it with you
and spider-man what he looks out for the
neighbor it has a dope suit in my really
respective sub blues er
[Music]
you